database	field	section	label
uniref	id	Names & Taxonomy	Cluster ID
uniref	name	Names & Taxonomy	Cluster Name
uniref	common_taxon	Names & Taxonomy	Common taxon
uniref	common_taxonid	Names & Taxonomy	Common taxon ID
uniref	organism_id	Names & Taxonomy	Organism IDs
uniref	organism	Names & Taxonomy	Organisms
uniref	identity	Sequences	Identity
uniref	length	Sequences	Length
uniref	sequence	Sequences	Reference sequence
uniref	types	Miscellaneous	Types
uniref	members	Miscellaneous	Cluster members
uniref	count	Miscellaneous	Size
uniref	created	Date of	Date of creation
uniparc	upi	Names & Taxonomy	Entry
uniparc	gene	Names & Taxonomy	Gene names
uniparc	organism_id	Names & Taxonomy	Organism ID
uniparc	organism	Names & Taxonomy	Organisms
uniparc	protein	Names & Taxonomy	Protein names
uniparc	proteome	Names & Taxonomy	Proteomes
uniparc	checksum	Sequences	Checksum
uniparc	length	Sequences	Length
uniparc	sequence	Sequences	Sequence
uniparc	accession	Miscellaneous	UniProtKB
uniparc	first_seen	Date of	First seen
uniparc	last_seen	Date of	Last seen
uniparc	CDD	Family & Domains	CDD
uniparc	Gene3D	Family & Domains	Gene3D
uniparc	HAMAP	Family & Domains	HAMAP
uniparc	PANTHER	Family & Domains	PANTHER
uniparc	Pfam	Family & Domains	Pfam
uniparc	PIRSF	Family & Domains	PIRSF
uniparc	PRINTS	Family & Domains	PRINTS
uniparc	PROSITE	Family & Domains	PROSITE
uniparc	SFLD	Family & Domains	SFLD
uniparc	SMART	Family & Domains	SMART
uniparc	SUPFAM	Family & Domains	SUPFAM
uniparc	TIGRFAMs	Family & Domains	TIGRFAMs
proteomes	upid	Names & Taxonomy	Proteome Id
proteomes	organism	Names & Taxonomy	Organism
proteomes	organism_id	Names & Taxonomy	Organism Id
proteomes	components	Names & Taxonomy	Components
proteomes	mnemonic	Names & Taxonomy	Taxon mnemonic
proteomes	lineage	Names & Taxonomy	Taxonomic lineage
proteomes	busco	Names & Taxonomy	BUSCO
proteomes	cpd	Miscellaneous	CPD
proteomes	genome_assembly	Miscellaneous	Genome assembly ID
proteomes	genome_representation	Miscellaneous	Genome representation
proteomes	protein_count	Miscellaneous	Protein count
taxonomy	id	Taxonomy	Taxon Id
taxonomy	mnemonic	Taxonomy	Mnemonic
taxonomy	scientific_name	Taxonomy	Scientific name
taxonomy	common_name	Taxonomy	Common name
taxonomy	synonyms	Taxonomy	Synonyms
taxonomy	other_names	Taxonomy	Other Names
taxonomy	rank	Taxonomy	Rank
taxonomy	reviewed	Taxonomy	Reviewed
taxonomy	lineage	Taxonomy	Lineage
taxonomy	strains	Taxonomy	Strains
taxonomy	parent	Taxonomy	Parent
taxonomy	hosts	Taxonomy	Virus hosts
taxonomy	links	Taxonomy	Links
taxonomy	statistics	Taxonomy	Statistics
